# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
       Property class has been instantiated in the property.rb file (in models folder).
Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
       The SQL file (property.sql) is defined in the db folder & commands are run in the command window using: psql -d database name -f sql fie name.
Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?
   the lines which modify the database are:
        property1.save
        property1.value = 12500
        property1.update
        property2.delete

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
        Because the number of rows (ids) is unknown and changes during the lifetime of the database.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
        the id is assigned at the "def initialize(options)" section of property.rb file.
        It is assigned with instance variable "@id = options['id'].to_i if options['id']" to make sure it starts with 1 instead of 0.
Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
        to make sure it dose not start with a i.d =0, so it begins with i.d = 1.
Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
        Not sure about this one.
Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
        This call uses (defined_function, value).
Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
        This is done to protect your files from danger i.e sanitises users data.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Q11. What are their return values?
